- [Instructor] Spring makes available some fun annotations
that allow the default destination to be set
along with the JmsListener.
Going back to our WarehouseReceiver class,
locate the receive method,
and add SendTo annotation.
We will supply it with a destination
that we'll use in a WarehouseProcessing service.
For now, right below the JmsListener,
hit Enter, and type @SentTo("book.order.processed.queue")
We'll make some changes in a moment
to the warehouseProcesingService
since we won't be sending a message from there anymore.
But, for now, we need to address a couple of more issues.
The @SendTo annotation, in order for this to work
on a method, that method cannot return void.
So, we'll need to rectify this by having the method
return a ProcessedBookOrder.
Change the void to ProcessedBookOrder.
This object will be returned, as well,
from the warehouseProcessingService method.
So, while we're here, let's go ahead and change
this runtime exception to an illegal argument exception
since that's really what it's doing, is an illegal argument.
You'll notice, this illegal argument exception is telling us
that we need to add the exception to the method signature.
We'll just click this little icon here,
and add the method to the method signature.
You might even consider creating your own custom exception
that extends to better map the warehouse-receiver exception
that we're throwing.
Going over to the warehouseProcessingService now,
let's first start by modifying our add,
update, and delete methods to return a ProcessedBookOrder.
So, go down to our add method.
We'll change this to return a ProcessedBookOrder,
as well as our update and our void.
Now, we still need to make the return statement.
So what we're gonna do is come back up here
to this new ProcessedBookOrder, we're gonna copy this piece,
and we'll delete out the rest.
Come down to our BookOrder.
We'll type return, paste that.
Inside of our update, we'll type return, we'll paste that.
And inside of our delete,
we'll type in return, and paste that, as well.
Just for our own benefit, we're going to change the delete.
This method right here, the constructor ProcessedBookOrder,
this is supposed to be the expected shipping date.
So it doesn't really make sense to have a new date
for an expected shipping date if we're deleting the record.
So let's just make that null for right now.
Additionally, we're gonna add a TODO comment.
This is for your own benefit later on.
If you decide to add in calls to the database,
these TODOs are very easily searchable within IntelliJ.
We'll say something like this.
Do some type of db operation.
There we go, I can spell.
We'll paste that in here, as well.
And there.
OK, so now we've changed the return type
in all of these to a ProcessedBookOrder.
We've put the return type.
And we have one more thing we're gonna do,
and that is sending the ProcessedBookOrder
to the process queue here.
You'll notice that, at this point, we send this
to the queue, and we don't need to do that anymore.
So we will delete this.
We're going to make that functionality
use the @SentTo method in the warehouse receiver.
We're gonna go and put return on each of these.
Return.
And then, the last thing we need to do here.
You'll notice that this is an if.
We're checking for a new order state,
or an update order state,
but we also need to have another else statement here.
And we don't have any other conditions to check for,
but, if for some reason it doesn't match,
the order state doesn't match any of our preset
order-state options, we're going to just throw
a new IllegalArgumentException,
and we're gonna pass in a message that says
"WarehouseProcessingService.processOrder(...)",
and then we're gonna say something like this:
"orderState did not match expected values");"
OK.
We need also change this here, to ProcessedBookOrder.
All right, let's compile, and run, and see what we have.
And we have an error.
See what our error is.
We have a missing return statement
in the WarehouseReceiver service.
Let's go look at that.
Line 45.
There we go.
Let's do this again.
K, let's run the application.
All right.
Let's open up our app, and refresh this.
We're really gonna need both of these
to be seen at the same time, so let's do this.
There we go.
Going to select a record.
OK, we've selected something that's Lord of the Flies.
This is gonna throw
an IllegalArgumentException that we've set.
Let's check something else.
We'll try Being and Nothingness.
K.
Let's go to our queues.
Have a book.order.processed queue.
There's our record, Being and Nothingness.
What we've done, we've, by using the @SendTo method,
we've automatically sent the record through to our queue.